if you have a well developed career planned ahead of you your priorities
probably being something but if you start out like I did with no
idea who you were or what you want to do here's one to have a good time
and enjoy people and do something you felt was worth while so through
my life my priorities have always been I want to be with a good
group of people are going to be accepted by them I want to get value
what I do I want to be able to tell you what I did it on my own and
as I've gotten older I think I've even increased my enthusiasm for
those goals so I think my priorities have become strengthened as I've
gotten older but they have not changed to any specific degree